	Література англійською

Назва: Us against you
Автор: Fredrikv Backman
Опис: Tucked in a forest in the frozen north, Beartown is full of tough and hardworking residents. 
	They don't expect life to be easy, but they do expect it to be fair. 
	Which is why the sudden loss of their hockey players to the rival town of Hed hurts. 
	Everyone needs something to cheer for in the long winter nights.
Видавництво: Penguin
Кількість на складі: 1
Ціна за одиницю товару: 625.0

Назва: Me before you
Автор: Jojo Moyes
Опис: When Lou Clark loses her job at a café, she is given a job caring for Will Traynor. 
	Will was disabled in a motorbike accident. Lou knows she needs the money. 
	Will knows that his accident took away his love of life. Neither of them know that they're going to change each other's lives forever.
	going to change each other's lives forever.
Видавництво: Penguin
Кількість на складі: 2
Ціна за одиницю товару: 454.0

Назва: The secret history
Автор: Donna Tartt 
Опис: «Under the influence of their charismatic classics professor, a group of clever, eccentric misfits at an elite New England 
	college discover a way of thinking and living that is a world away from the humdrum existence of their contemporaries. 
Видавництво: Penguin
Кількість на складі: 1
Ціна за одиницю товару: 570.0

Назва: The Tuesday Club Murders
Автор: Agatha Christie
Опис: In a peaceful retirement village, four unlikely friends meet up once a week to investigate unsolved murders.
	But when a brutal killing takes place on their very doorstep, 
	the Thursday Murder Club find themselves in the middle of their first live case.
Видавництво: Penguin
Кількість на складі: 3
Ціна за одиницю товару: 487.0

Назва: Pride and Prejudice
Автор: Jane Austen
Опис: Designed to appeal to the booklover, the Macmillan Collector's Library is a series of beautiful gift editions
	of much loved classic titles. Macmillan Collector's Library are books to love and treasure.
Видавництво: Pan Macmillan
Кількість на складі: 1
Ціна за одиницю товару: 549.0

Назва: The little prince
Автор: Antoine De Saint-Exupery
Опис:  When I fly among the stars and see the lights in the distance, I say to myself that this is my little Consuelo is calling me…” 
	Antoine de Saint-Exupery wrote about love for his wife. A graceful Consuelo Suncin inspired an outstanding 
	 French writer, poet and pilot to create a beautiful rose in his famous all over the world book The Little Prince. 
Видавництво: Pan Macmillan
Кількість на складі: 2
Ціна за одиницю товару: 625.0
